for all lovers of computer racing games
a completely free pc game is now to be
released Volvo the game the game
contains many of Volvo's racing models
from throughout the years and can be
played on a normal home PC Volvo the
game has been developed in collaboration
with symbian studios located in vara
some 100 kilometers from Gothenburg in
Sweden here a team of 20 people have
created the game that according to sin
bin will be of the same high class as
their other car games where precision
and realism are key factors we try to be
very accurate when we doing our games to
get to work very closely with the racing
teams with the car manufacturers with
with the track owners we work with CAD
files with satellite positioning to get
everything as accurate as we possibly
can Volvo the game involves six cars and
takes place on to racetracks the leading
role is played by the new Volvo s60
concept car that earlier in the year had
its world premiere and has been
exhibited at the major car shows around
the world it is also possible to drive
old classic racing cars such as the
volvo 240 and volvo 850 5 300
banks of space what's an action but
there are also new models such as the
currently racing c30 and there are
differences between the cars in base
there are the same but then we make
differentiations on each car so that
they're actually playing like and feel
like the car that we are trying to do to
have in the game for example the s40
btcc is different from the eighth
victory the work to simulate a real
driving sensation in the game is
something that Jay and the others have
worked very carefully with they have
studied and test-driven the real car
models on racetracks in order to
reproduce individual characteristics and
authentic sound according to Jay the
quality of the game will be very high
but even if the game will be quite
advanced the intention is for anyone and
everyone to be able to play it also
trying to get people that are actually
never play a game to actually try this
game
I also saw the opportunity here to
communicate in a new way football and
also to show the the new modern design
language and show especially the
exciting a sixth concept both volvo cars
and Symbian are in complete agreement
that it is unique for such an advanced
game to be available completely free of
charge yes it is it has a lot of content
several different car models from Volvo
to choose between for a free game it's
really impressive there are plenty
enough free games out there but I think
the difference is the quality of what
the game can deliver both visually and
gameplay wise which is most interesting
and you don't see a lot of free games
that can deliver that for no money at
all